To return to my foster parents, when a Jewish lady doesn't know what to do with a child,
I think every mother is the same, they feed it.
So she put all this food in front of me, and I mean I hadn't eaten a meal for God knows how long,
the meal, you know, a meal in the orphanage was sour milk with sugar and cinnamon, that was a meal.
And she was very distressed because I just couldn't eat this food, which was so foreign to me.
I possibly nibbled on a bread, I mean it's about all I could cope with.
And I could see her getting more and more upset, but there was nothing I could do about it.
Anyway, I think we both gave in, and I went to bed.
You have to understand that this lady at 50 had never had children, had no idea how to treat a child.
Next day, I'd never been to a hairdresser, I'd never had my hair cut, my plaits had saved my life many times.
The first thing she did, she took me to a hairdresser, had my plaits cut off.
And the second thing she did, my second name was Kerry.
And in Germany I had known no other name, I was always Kerry, and she didn't like it.
So she decided to choose my other name, which was Ellen.
I had never ever been called Ellen, so every time she'd called me I didn't answer.
Every time I looked in the mirror, I'm looking at a stranger.
My plaits have gone, my name has gone.
I'm a complete stranger amongst strangers.
I can't talk to them, I can't explain to them how I feel, because I have no English and they have no German.